the visual effects that you'll see in
this deleted scene are far from complete
their placeholders but they were going
to be incredibly well rendered you know
this was a cube of shipping containers
that had shrunken down small this was
going to be some kind of biotech here
it's an eye but they were they you know
used it to grow and I and and then this
was a giant waste dump
did he drunken down so there were some
really beneficial uses of this
technology but we just felt it was it
wasn't crucial to our story so we cut it
in this shot here look at the tattoo on
the buyers neck is that a ten rings
tattoo Paul no that's that's not that's
that's the 96 Olympics from Marvel's and
man coming to digital in blu-ray